Update byrefs.md (#16611)
dotnet/docs: docs/fsharp/language-reference/byrefs.md

Byref returns from F# functions or members can be produced and consumed. When consuming a `byref`-returning method, the value is implicitly dereferenced. For example:

```fsharp
let squareAndPrint (data : byref<int>) = 
    let squared = data*data    // data is implicitly dereferenced
    printfn "%d" squared

> ```

Reviewer: looks like this is failing the markdownlint check + build. If you add a newline here, then this should be mergeable.

> To return a value byref, the variable which contains the value must live longer than the current scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To return a byref of a value, the value needs to be declared in an outer scope than the one it is used in.
```

Reviewer 2: I've added a blank line to your suggestion @cartermp to fix the linting error at the same time.

> Also, to return byref, use &value (where value is a variable that lives longer than the current scope).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, to return byref, use `&value` (where `value` is declared in an outer scope than it is used).
```
